Update Location and add missing Relationship type (#1036)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/countyCode.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# countyCode

## Summary

> A code that identifies a county. A county is a territorial division in some countries, forming the chief unit of local administration. In the US, a county is a political and administrative division of a state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code that identifies a county.
```

Shorten. The rest is already in the description.

## Description

> A code that identifies a county. A county is a territorial division in some countries, forming the chief unit of local administration. In the US, a county is a political and administrative division of a state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A code that identifies a county. A county is a territorial division in some countries, often forming a primary unit of local administration.

In the US, a county is a political and administrative division of a state.
```

Add "often" to soften the claims, as this could be vary by countries.

For the US, do we like to specify the Federal Information Processing Standard Publication 6-4 (FIPS 6-4) for county code?
